Add DeviceAllocator HIP support (#768)
LLNL/Umpire: src/umpire/CMakeLists.txt

    DeviceAllocator.cpp
    device_allocator_helper.cpp)

  if (UMPIRE_ENABLE_CUDA)
    set_source_files_properties(DeviceAllocator.cpp
                              PROPERTIES
                              LANGUAGE CUDA)
    set_source_files_properties(device_allocator_helper.cpp
                              PROPERTIES
                              LANGUAGE CUDA)
    set(umpire_device_depends camp cuda umpire_util)
  elseif (UMPIRE_ENABLE_HIP)
    set(umpire_device_depends camp blt::hip umpire_util)

>     message("-- WARNING: ROCM version must be 5.4.0 or higher for HIP DeviceAllocator functionality!")

Reviewer: This needs to check the HIP version, e.g. check `${hip_VERSION}` and error, not just print a warning.

Author: I think I fixed it...

    DeviceAllocator.cpp
    device_allocator_helper.cpp)

>   set(hip_version_min "5.4.0")

Reviewer 2: I think this should be moved down within the `elseif (UMPIRE_ENABLE_HIP)` block below

  if (UMPIRE_ENABLE_CUDA)
    set_source_files_properties(DeviceAllocator.cpp
                              PROPERTIES
                              LANGUAGE CUDA)
    set_source_files_properties(device_allocator_helper.cpp
                              PROPERTIES
                              LANGUAGE CUDA)
    set(umpire_device_depends camp cuda umpire_util)
  elseif (UMPIRE_ENABLE_HIP)
    set(umpire_device_depends camp blt::hip umpire_util)
    if (${hip_VERSION} VERSION_LESS ${hip_version_min})

>       message(FATAL_ERROR "ROCM version must be 5.4.0 or higher for HIP DeviceAllocator functionality!")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      message(FATAL_ERROR "ROCM version must be ${hip_version_min} or higher for HIP DeviceAllocator functionality!")
```
